
Question:
I would like you to implement a module named TopModule with the following
interface. All input and output ports are one bit unless otherwise
specified.

 - input  clk
 - input  load
 - input  data (256 bits)
 - output q (256 bits)

The module should implemement a "game" played on a two-dimensional grid
of cells, where each cell is either 1 (alive) or 0 (dead). At each time
step, each cell changes state depending on how many neighbours it has:

  (1) 0-1 neighbour: Cell becomes 0.
  (2) 2 neighbours: Cell state does not change.
  (3) 3 neighbours: Cell becomes 1.
  (4) 4+ neighbours: Cell becomes 0.

The game is formulated for an infinite grid. In this circuit, we will use
a 16x16 grid. To make things more interesting, we will use a 16x16
toroid, where the sides wrap around to the other side of the grid. For
example, the corner cell (0,0) has 8 neighbours: (15,1), (15,0), (15,15),
(0,1), (0,15), (1,1), (1,0), and (1,15). The 16x16 grid is represented by
a length 256 vector, where each row of 16 cells is represented by a
sub-vector: q[15:0] is row 0, q[31:16] is row 1, etc.

  (1) load: Loads data into q at the next clock edge, for loading initial
       state. Active high synchronous.
  (2) q: The 16x16 current state of the game, updated every clock cycle.

The game state should advance by one timestep every clock cycle. Assume
all sequential logic is triggered on the positive edge of the clock.

Benchmark integrity rules:

 - Solve this problem only from the text in this prompt plus the fixed Verilog
   guidance/examples included here.

 - Do not inspect or rely on VerilogEval `_test.sv` files, `_ref.sv` files,
   expected-output traces, simulator mismatch hints, or any other hidden
   evaluation artifact while writing the RTL.

 - Treat this problem as independent from every other VerilogEval problem.
   Do not rely on solutions, failures, logs, or debugging notes from previous
   problems. If problems are solved serially, use a fresh model context for
   each problem before generation.

 - If a later experiment intentionally allows compile/test feedback or repair,
   that must be logged as a separate repair-mode attempt, not as first-pass
   generation.

Here are some additional rules and coding conventions.

 - Declare all ports and signals as logic; do not to use wire or reg.

 - For combinational logic with an always block do not explicitly specify
   the sensitivity list; instead use always @(*).

 - All sized numeric constants must have a size greater than zero
   (e.g, 0'b0 is not a valid expression).

 - An always block must read at least one signal otherwise it will never
   be executed; use an assign statement instead of an always block in
   situations where there is no need to read any signals.

 - if the module uses a synchronous reset signal, this means the reset
   signal is sampled with respect to the clock. When implementing a
   synchronous reset signal, do not include posedge reset in the
   sensitivity list of any sequential always block.

Enclose your code with [BEGIN] and [DONE]. Only output the code snippet
and do NOT output anything else.

Answer:
