
Question:
I would like you to implement a module named TopModule with the following
interface. All input and output ports are one bit unless otherwise
specified.

 - input  clk,
 - input  load,
 - input  data (10 bits)
 - output tc

The module should implement a timer that counts down for a given number
of clock cycles, then asserts a signal to indicate that the given
duration has elapsed. A good way to implement this is with a down-counter
that asserts an output signal when the count becomes 0. At each clock
cycle:

  (1) If load = 1, load the internal counter with the 10-bit data, the
  number of clock cycles the timer should count before timing out. The
  counter can be loaded at any time, including when it is still counting
  and has not yet reached 0.

  (2) If load = 0, the internal counter should decrement by 1. The output
  signal tc ("terminal count") indicates whether the internal counter has
  reached 0. Once the internal counter has reached 0, it should stay 0
  (stop counting) until the counter is loaded again.

The module should implement a single D flip-flop. Assume all sequential
logic is triggered on the positive edge of the clock.

Benchmark integrity rules:

 - Solve this problem only from the text in this prompt plus the fixed Verilog
   guidance/examples included here.

 - Do not inspect or rely on VerilogEval `_test.sv` files, `_ref.sv` files,
   expected-output traces, simulator mismatch hints, or any other hidden
   evaluation artifact while writing the RTL.

 - Treat this problem as independent from every other VerilogEval problem.
   Do not rely on solutions, failures, logs, or debugging notes from previous
   problems. If problems are solved serially, use a fresh model context for
   each problem before generation.

 - If a later experiment intentionally allows compile/test feedback or repair,
   that must be logged as a separate repair-mode attempt, not as first-pass
   generation.

Here are some additional rules and coding conventions.

 - Declare all ports and signals as logic; do not to use wire or reg.

 - For combinational logic with an always block do not explicitly specify
   the sensitivity list; instead use always @(*).

 - All sized numeric constants must have a size greater than zero
   (e.g, 0'b0 is not a valid expression).

 - An always block must read at least one signal otherwise it will never
   be executed; use an assign statement instead of an always block in
   situations where there is no need to read any signals.

 - if the module uses a synchronous reset signal, this means the reset
   signal is sampled with respect to the clock. When implementing a
   synchronous reset signal, do not include posedge reset in the
   sensitivity list of any sequential always block.

Enclose your code with [BEGIN] and [DONE]. Only output the code snippet
and do NOT output anything else.

Answer:
