
Question:
I would like you to implement a module named TopModule with the following
interface. All input and output ports are one bit unless otherwise
specified.

 - input  clk
 - input  resetn
 - input  x
 - input  y
 - output f
 - output g

Consider a finite state machine that is used to control some type of
motor. The FSM has inputs x and y, which come from the motor, and
produces outputs f and g, which control the motor. There is also a clock
input called clk and a reset input (synchronous, active low) called
resetn. The FSM has to work as follows. As long as the reset input is
asserted, the FSM stays in a beginning state, called state A. When the
reset signal is de-asserted, then after the next clock edge the FSM has
to set the output f to 1 for one clock cycle. Then, the FSM has to
monitor the x input. When x has produced the values 1, 0, 1 in three
successive clock cycles, then g should be set to 1 on the following clock
cycle. While maintaining g = 1 the FSM has to monitor the y input. If y
has the value 1 within at most two clock cycles, then the FSM should
maintain g = 1 permanently (that is, until reset). But if y does not
become 1 within two clock cycles, then the FSM should set g = 0
permanently (until reset). Assume all sequential logic is triggered on
the positive edge of the clock.

Benchmark integrity rules:

 - Solve this problem only from the text in this prompt plus the fixed Verilog
   guidance/examples included here.

 - Do not inspect or rely on VerilogEval `_test.sv` files, `_ref.sv` files,
   expected-output traces, simulator mismatch hints, or any other hidden
   evaluation artifact while writing the RTL.

 - Treat this problem as independent from every other VerilogEval problem.
   Do not rely on solutions, failures, logs, or debugging notes from previous
   problems. If problems are solved serially, use a fresh model context for
   each problem before generation.

 - If a later experiment intentionally allows compile/test feedback or repair,
   that must be logged as a separate repair-mode attempt, not as first-pass
   generation.

Here are some additional rules and coding conventions.

 - Declare all ports and signals as logic; do not to use wire or reg.

 - For combinational logic with an always block do not explicitly specify
   the sensitivity list; instead use always @(*).

 - All sized numeric constants must have a size greater than zero
   (e.g, 0'b0 is not a valid expression).

 - An always block must read at least one signal otherwise it will never
   be executed; use an assign statement instead of an always block in
   situations where there is no need to read any signals.

 - if the module uses a synchronous reset signal, this means the reset
   signal is sampled with respect to the clock. When implementing a
   synchronous reset signal, do not include posedge reset in the
   sensitivity list of any sequential always block.

Enclose your code with [BEGIN] and [DONE]. Only output the code snippet
and do NOT output anything else.

Answer:
