Question:
Translate the following RTL specification into ARCH HDL.

I would like you to implement a module named TopModule with the following
interface. All input and output ports are one bit unless otherwise
specified.

 - input  clk
 - input  in
 - input  reset
 - output out_byte (8 bits)
 - output done

In many (older) serial communications protocols, each data byte is sent
along with a start bit and a stop bit, to help the receiver delimit bytes
from the stream of bits. One common scheme is to use one start bit (0), 8
data bits, and 1 stop bit (1). The line is also at logic 1 when nothing
is being transmitted (idle). Design a finite state machine that will
identify when bytes have been correctly received when given a stream of
bits. It needs to identify the start bit, wait for all 8 data bits, then
verify that the stop bit was correct. The module will also output the
correctly-received data byte. `out_byte` needs to be valid when `done` is
1, and is don't-care otherwise. If the stop bit does not appear when
expected, the FSM must wait until it finds a stop bit before attempting
to receive the next byte. Include a active-high synchronous reset. Note
that the serial protocol sends the least significant bit first. It should
assert done each time it finds a stop bit. Assume all sequential logic is
triggered on the positive edge of the clock.

Benchmark integrity rules:

 - Solve this problem only from the text in this prompt plus the fixed ARCH
   guidance/examples included here.

 - Do not inspect or rely on VerilogEval `_test.sv` files, `_ref.sv` files,
   expected-output traces, simulator mismatch hints, or any other hidden
   evaluation artifact while writing the RTL.

 - Treat this problem as independent from every other VerilogEval problem.
   Do not rely on solutions, failures, logs, or debugging notes from previous
   problems. If problems are solved serially, use a fresh model context for
   each problem before generation.

 - If a later experiment intentionally allows compile/test feedback or repair,
   that must be logged as a separate repair-mode attempt, not as first-pass
   generation.

Enclose your code with [BEGIN] and [DONE]. Only output the ARCH code snippet
and do NOT output anything else.

Answer:
