
Question:
I would like you to implement a module named TopModule with the following
interface. All input and output ports are one bit unless otherwise
specified.

 - input  clk
 - input  reset
 - input  in
 - output disc
 - output flag
 - output err

Synchronous HDLC framing involves decoding a continuous bit stream of
data to look for bit patterns that indicate the beginning and end of
frames (packets). Seeing exactly 6 consecutive 1s (i.e., 01111110) is a
"flag" that indicate frame boundaries. To avoid the data stream from
accidentally containing "flags", the sender inserts a zero after every 5
consecutive 1s which the receiver must detect and discard. We also need
to signal an error if there are 7 or more consecutive 1s. Create a
Moore-type finite state machine to recognize these three sequences:

  (1) 0111110: Signal a bit needs to be discarded (disc).
  (2) 01111110: Flag the beginning/end of a frame (flag).
  (3) 01111111...: Error (7 or more 1s) (err).

When the FSM is reset, it should be in a state that behaves as though the
previous input were 0. The reset signal is active high synchronous. The
output signals should be asserted for a complete cycle beginning on the
clock cycle after the condition occurs. Assume all sequential
logic is triggered on the positive edge of the clock.

Benchmark integrity rules:

 - Solve this problem only from the text in this prompt plus the fixed Verilog
   guidance/examples included here.

 - Do not inspect or rely on VerilogEval `_test.sv` files, `_ref.sv` files,
   expected-output traces, simulator mismatch hints, or any other hidden
   evaluation artifact while writing the RTL.

 - Treat this problem as independent from every other VerilogEval problem.
   Do not rely on solutions, failures, logs, or debugging notes from previous
   problems. If problems are solved serially, use a fresh model context for
   each problem before generation.

 - If a later experiment intentionally allows compile/test feedback or repair,
   that must be logged as a separate repair-mode attempt, not as first-pass
   generation.

Here are some additional rules and coding conventions.

 - Declare all ports and signals as logic; do not to use wire or reg.

 - For combinational logic with an always block do not explicitly specify
   the sensitivity list; instead use always @(*).

 - All sized numeric constants must have a size greater than zero
   (e.g, 0'b0 is not a valid expression).

 - An always block must read at least one signal otherwise it will never
   be executed; use an assign statement instead of an always block in
   situations where there is no need to read any signals.

 - if the module uses a synchronous reset signal, this means the reset
   signal is sampled with respect to the clock. When implementing a
   synchronous reset signal, do not include posedge reset in the
   sensitivity list of any sequential always block.

Enclose your code with [BEGIN] and [DONE]. Only output the code snippet
and do NOT output anything else.

Answer:
