
Question:
I would like you to implement a module named TopModule with the following
interface. All input and output ports are one bit unless otherwise
specified.

 - input  clk
 - input  reset
 - input  in
 - output done

In many (older) serial communications protocols, each data byte is sent
along with a start bit and a stop bit, to help the receiver delimit bytes
from the stream of bits. One common scheme is to use one start bit (0), 8
data bits, and 1 stop bit (1). The line is also at logic 1 when nothing
is being transmitted (idle).

Implement a finite state machine that will identify when bytes have been
correctly received when given a stream of bits. It needs to identify the
start bit, wait for all 8 data bits, then verify that the stop bit was
correct. If the stop bit does not appear when expected, the FSM must wait
until it finds a stop bit before attempting to receive the next byte.
Include a active-high synchronous reset. Note that the serial protocol
sends the least significant bit first.

Assume all sequential logic is triggered on the positive edge of the
clock.

Benchmark integrity rules:

 - Solve this problem only from the text in this prompt plus the fixed Verilog
   guidance/examples included here.

 - Do not inspect or rely on VerilogEval `_test.sv` files, `_ref.sv` files,
   expected-output traces, simulator mismatch hints, or any other hidden
   evaluation artifact while writing the RTL.

 - Treat this problem as independent from every other VerilogEval problem.
   Do not rely on solutions, failures, logs, or debugging notes from previous
   problems. If problems are solved serially, use a fresh model context for
   each problem before generation.

 - If a later experiment intentionally allows compile/test feedback or repair,
   that must be logged as a separate repair-mode attempt, not as first-pass
   generation.

Here are some additional rules and coding conventions.

 - Declare all ports and signals as logic; do not to use wire or reg.

 - For combinational logic with an always block do not explicitly specify
   the sensitivity list; instead use always @(*).

 - All sized numeric constants must have a size greater than zero
   (e.g, 0'b0 is not a valid expression).

 - An always block must read at least one signal otherwise it will never
   be executed; use an assign statement instead of an always block in
   situations where there is no need to read any signals.

 - if the module uses a synchronous reset signal, this means the reset
   signal is sampled with respect to the clock. When implementing a
   synchronous reset signal, do not include posedge reset in the
   sensitivity list of any sequential always block.

Enclose your code with [BEGIN] and [DONE]. Only output the code snippet
and do NOT output anything else.

Answer:
