
Question:
I would like you to implement a module named TopModule with the following
interface. All input and output ports are one bit unless otherwise
specified.

 - input  clk
 - input  load
 - input  ena  (  2 bits)
 - input  data (100 bits)
 - output q    (100 bits)

The module should implement a 100-bit left/right rotator, with
synchronous load and left/right enable. A rotator shifts-in the
shifted-out bit from the other end of the register, unlike a shifter that
discards the shifted-out bit and shifts in a zero. If enabled, a rotator
rotates the bits around and does not modify/discard them.

  (1) load: Loads shift register with data[99:0] instead of rotating.
      Synchronous active high.

  (2) ena[1:0]: Synchronous. Chooses whether and which direction to
      rotate:
      (a) 2'b01 rotates right by one bit,
      (b) 2'b10 rotates left by one bit,
      (c) 2'b00 and 2'b11 do not rotate.

  (3) q: The contents of the rotator.

Benchmark integrity rules:

 - Solve this problem only from the text in this prompt plus the fixed Verilog
   guidance/examples included here.

 - Do not inspect or rely on VerilogEval `_test.sv` files, `_ref.sv` files,
   expected-output traces, simulator mismatch hints, or any other hidden
   evaluation artifact while writing the RTL.

 - Treat this problem as independent from every other VerilogEval problem.
   Do not rely on solutions, failures, logs, or debugging notes from previous
   problems. If problems are solved serially, use a fresh model context for
   each problem before generation.

 - If a later experiment intentionally allows compile/test feedback or repair,
   that must be logged as a separate repair-mode attempt, not as first-pass
   generation.

Here are some additional rules and coding conventions.

 - Declare all ports and signals as logic; do not to use wire or reg.

 - For combinational logic with an always block do not explicitly specify
   the sensitivity list; instead use always @(*).

 - All sized numeric constants must have a size greater than zero
   (e.g, 0'b0 is not a valid expression).

 - An always block must read at least one signal otherwise it will never
   be executed; use an assign statement instead of an always block in
   situations where there is no need to read any signals.

 - if the module uses a synchronous reset signal, this means the reset
   signal is sampled with respect to the clock. When implementing a
   synchronous reset signal, do not include posedge reset in the
   sensitivity list of any sequential always block.

Enclose your code with [BEGIN] and [DONE]. Only output the code snippet
and do NOT output anything else.

Answer:
